\documentclass[ucd,esp,shortfrom,11pt]{ucletter}
\name{John Doe}
\telephone{(999)~999-9999}
\email{johndoe@greatuc.edu}

\begin{document}
\begin{letter}{
    Dr. Editor \\
    Somewhere, ST 00001
}
\opening{Dear Dr.\ Editor}

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.


What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great
letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a
great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter. What a great letter.
What a great letter.

\closing{Sincerely}


\end{letter}
\end{document}
